Create rule S7606: WebViews should not be vulnerable to cross-app scripting attacks (APPSEC-2479) (#5127)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S7606/summary.adoc

> Cross-App Script is a variant of XSS that targets mobile applications using WebView to display web content. It happens if the application accepts data from another, potentially malicious, application on the same device and passes it into its WebView without proper checks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cross-App Scripting is a variant of XSS that targets mobile applications using a WebView to display web content. It happens if the application accepts data from another, potentially malicious, application on the same device and passes it into its WebView without proper validation. 
```

> An attacker can exploit this by creating a malicious application that sends specially prepared data to the vulnerable app. The vulnerability is triggered  when the application passes the data to one of the WebView methods that executes HTML or JavaScript code the attacker controls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An attacker can exploit this by creating a malicious application that sends specially prepared data to the vulnerable app. The vulnerability is triggered when the application passes the attacker's malicious data to one of the WebView methods that executes HTML or JavaScript code.
```

Last sentence was a bit confusing
